if this guy isn't a shill he's a
complete and absolute idiot eyes l can
you run around the block
I'm almost twenty years older than you
if we both got on bikes I would
absolutely slaughter you on my fruit
diet I don't know what diet you're
eating I don't even know if you're vegan
who's paying you to say these things
that's what I want to know who's paying
you this guy is an imbecile he's got to
be a shoe
nobody could be that stupid somebody's
paying him to spread this dark
negativity like foul tentacles through
the vegan YouTube movement
Banas yen I started to look at some of
ISIL Meszaros videos
I thought he raised some interesting
points but I looked at one particular
video and some of the things that he
said just didn't measure up
he had a clip of someone else's video
where they ate five mangoes for
breakfast
why the hell would anyone wake up and
eat five mangoes for breakfast
well maybe because humans are
frugivorous we could start there you
start thinking what what's this guy
getting at
he is scoffing at someone eating five
mangoes for breakfast so come on man
where's this guy coming from so then he
goes on to say that you know the dream
is dead the vegan YouTube dream is dead
still today there are some people who
are simultaneously buying and selling a
dream that just can't be true what is
that dream it's hard to talk about it
now that it's finally dying now that
it's finally become something that's
laughed at and regarded as embarrassing
within veganism the dream was that you
could quit your day job
live on permanent vacation make money
promoting your lifestyle and the same
time wrap that all up in the
self-satisfied confidence that you were
doing the most you can for the animals
for the environment for the future of
the planet
that you were making the world a better
place through a new and thrilling form
of politics that's almost completely
apolitical
so I Zell picks this youtuber a young
attractive youtuber as an example
showing how much effort she put into her
Instagram and whatnot and she's only
getting maybe a couple hundred years of
video and he says nobody cares this is
one example
obviously there are hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of examples
and you're gonna see why I choose this
this is not a bad example that's
spending an above-average sample this
young woman uses the screen name mole
candy
it's her full name is Moira candy
something like that objectively she's
good-looking not my type not a
subjective statement but I mean you know
she's slim she has piercing blue eyes
she has a lot of body arches a lot of
tattoos and even more rare she has a
huge advantage of living in one of the
only places in the world one of the few
places that does have a big vegan
population she lives in Portland Oregon
so she has the possibility to promote
her channel really through a network of
people who know each other face to face
it's a huge advantage most of us don't
have most of us online were the only
vegan are in our town or we don't know
or get along with even two or three
other vegans and this young woman put
quite some work into her Instagram
accounts into her videos and so on and
nobody cares it was just this negativity
like don't even dream don't even get
into YouTube if you're a vegan very
discouraging I mean if you take this guy
seriously you'll you'll want to jump off
a bridge it's just not true
there are many young female vegan
youtubers who are getting thousands and
thousands of views I encourage all young
people to do YouTube it's just to your
advantage to do it do it now not if you
take eyes elmas ARDS advice because
you're wasting your time having any kind
of dream and if that's not bad enough it
gets worse he goes back to the mango
eating this person ate six more mangoes
how did people convince themselves that
eating 11 mangos a day or 30 bananas a
day that this was not just something you
should do but something you should get
on the internet and boast about when I
lived in Thailand and Laos mangoes were
extremely cheap and extremely
high-quality because they're farmed
locally
even when I was out there just getting a
ton of exercise just coping with life
you know sorry if you guys are new to my
channel I did humanitarian work I did
research I was studying languages I was
not on permanent vacation I was never on
vacation I was working my ass off
intellectually and and otherwise and
trying to do humanitarian work I did
manage to do a little bit of
humanitarian work but you do a lot more
trying than you do getting in that field
um I can remember eating three mangos in
a day I don't know maybe if they were
small mangos maybe in the whole day I
ate four but this young woman in
Portland had five mangoes for breakfast
and then what another six mangoes in the
rest of the day six mangoes for dinner
sheet eleven mangoes in one day to me
looking back on this evening five years
in the future 10 years in the future
when people are asking what was this
dream this dream that took the internet
by storm for a short time and then it
died how did people convince themselves
that eating 11 mangos a day or 30
bananas a day that this was not just
something you should do but something
you should get on the internet and boast
about
I've eaten far more than that in one
sitting
I eat til I've had enough a fruit
because that's our biological design
isn't that just obvious goes a day
that's like a decent sized meal for the
whole day and that's it so you know
alright okay if they're large mangoes
maybe but that's that's not an
extraordinary amount of food not an
extraordinary amount of fruit then he
points to another vegan youtuber or
someone on Instagram and YouTube who
said he said that they changed their
diet now they're incorporating whole
grains into their diet which is a lot
more balanced that makes a lot more
sense or people were afraid to admit
that they stopped eating in this crazy
way this this young woman I chose in
Portland mo candy I just checked her
Instagram she has changed her diet
she's switched to eating a much more
balanced diet with a lot of greens
involved and she even admits that she
now drinks beer what a shock so she's
now given up many of the crucial tenets
of the the high carb low fat lifestyle
not all of them maybe but you know
having a Green Bay having grains as the
staple of your diet as opposed to
mangoes as the staple of your diet makes
a lot of sense even if you live in
Southeast Asia this guy knows nothing is
he a shill I thought he was a shill in
the beginning but now I'm beginning to
think that he really is probably a shill
somebody is paying him to spread this
negativity in the vegan YouTube
community join my patreon anyway because
patreon right now is the only income I
have on planet earth but then he goes on
to say something even more damning that
for some reason these fruitarians
actually think that their fruit is
better than medical doctors medical
doctors the faith healing elements you
know the natural medicine element the
delusions of fruit being better than
modern medical science if this guy isn't
a shill he's a complete and absolute
idiot he said he's a theorist as I
accused him to be two and a half years
ago
I mean he can't even run around the can
this guy even run around the block eyes
L can you run around the block I'm
almost 20 years older than you if we
both got on bikes I would absolutely
slaughter you on my fruit diet I don't
know what diet you're eating I don't
even know if you're vegan who's paying
you to say these things that's what I
want to know who's paying so now the
drugs prescribed by medical doctors are
better than fruit this is utterly
ludicrous the body can heal from any
disease if it's allowed to then he goes
on to say that Crohn's disease is
incurable that it's ludicrous to think
otherwise to think that our fruit diet
is going to heal us from anything
claiming they cured all kinds of
diseases that are not curable well the
body heals itself if you get out of its
way as I've said over and over again if
you want to improve your health if you
want to heal any disease fruit and
fasting is the way to do it
this guy he's recommending whole grains
over fruit we're not grain eaters birds
are the only species that I can think of
that our natural grain eaters we have to
process grains very high temperature the
fiber in grains is like glass you want
to get Crohn's disease eat a lot of
wheat eat a lot of dairy eat a lot of
foods high in lectin fruit and fasting
the body will heal anything but I Zell
says that these are incurable diseases
that it's ludicrous to think that we can
heal them allopathic medicine is
superior to fruit our natural food this
guy is an imbecile
he's got to be a shoe nobody could be
that stupid somebody's paying him to
spread this dark negativity like foul
tentacles through the vegan YouTube
movement
[Music]
evolution